JUDY WOODRUFF: The battle
over tax cuts is heating up.
The speaker of the House of
Representatives, Paul Ryan,
promised today that Republicans
are moving full-speed
ahead, despite divisions
over the issue.
In a Washington speech,
he said the GOP majorities
in Congress must press for
he called transformational
tax reform.
REP.
PAUL RYAN (R-WI), Speaker
of the House: We have to
get this done in 2017.
We cannot let this
once-in-a-generation
moment slip by.
Yes, the defenders of the
status quo -- and there are many
of them -- they are counting
on us to lose our nerve, to
fall back, or put this off
altogether, but we will not wait
for a path free of obstacles.
Guess what?
It doesn't exist.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In turn, Senate
Democrats warned that they may
balk at raising the national
debt ceiling if Republicans
push for new tax
breaks for the wealthy.
Voters in Atlanta's northern
suburbs went to the polls today
in a special election that
is now the most expensive
race ever for a seat
in the U.S. House.
Total spending in the contest
between Republican Karen Handel
and Democrat Jon Ossoff reached
at least $50 million.
The seat came open when Tom
Price took the job of secretary
of health and human services
for President Trump.
It has been in GOP
hands since 1979.
There's been another
incident over Syria.
An American fighter plane
shot down an Iranian-made
armed drone overnight.
U.S. officials say it was
flying near a U.S. training camp
along the Syrian-Jordan border.
On Sunday, American planes
downed a Syrian military jet
that bombed near U.S.-backed
rebels.
Russia, in turn, warned it
would target coalition planes.
Today, at the United Nations,
Secretary-General Antonio
Guterres urged restraint.
ANTONIO GUTERRES, United Nations
Secretary-General: These kind of
incidents can be very dangerous
in a conflict situation in
which there are so many actors
and in which the situation
is so complex on the ground,
so, indeed, I am concerned.
And I hope that this will
not lead to any escalation of
the conflict that is already
as dramatic as it is.
JUDY WOODRUFF: One of the
U.S. coalition members,
Australia, announced today
that it has suspended
airstrikes in Syria for now.
The United States and Russia
traded accusations today
over another incident.
This one came Monday
over the Baltic Sea.
The Pentagon says that a
Russian fighter jet swooped
within a few feet of an
American reconnaissance
plane in the air.
The Russians say the U.S. plane
swerved too close to their jet.
Back in this country,
brand-new federal statistics
find the opioid abuse crisis
is swamping hospitals.
According to the report,
there were nearly 1.3
million emergency room
visits and in-patient
stays for opioid
problems in 2014.
The emergency visits were up
64 percent from 2005, while
in-patient stays nearly doubled.
Officials say the epidemic
is still getting worse.
The Atlantic hurricane season
is only three weeks' old, and
already, the Gulf Coast is
bracing for a hit.
Tropical Storm Cindy
formed today and should
reach the Texas-Louisiana
border region late
tomorrow night.
A foot of rain could fall as far
east as the Florida Panhandle.
The rain was already
falling, and the sea churning
today in New Orleans.
Mayor Mitch Landrieu
urged people to get ready.
MITCH LANDRIEU (D), Mayor of
New Orleans, Louisiana: And we
have been through this many,
many times before.
I don't want anybody to panic.
There's no reason to do that.
But this is going to
be a serious event.
We could get lucky, and it
could turn out to be nothing.
We don't expect that's
going to happen.
It could be one to three inches,
or it could be three to 12.
And if those bands hit us the
wrong way intimately over time,
then we could have some serious
flooding.
JUDY WOODRUFF: At the same
time, Tropical Storm Bret
weakened to a tropical wave, as
it blew across the
Southern Caribbean.
Meanwhile, the Southwestern
U.S. is seeing one of its worst
heat waves in years on this
first day of summer.
Temperatures reached to near
120 degrees in Phoenix today
for the first time in 22 years.
The conditions are also
tough on fire crews battling
wildfires in Southern California
and elsewhere.
Helicopters and tanker planes
have reduced their loads
because the superheated air is
thinner.
Wall Street cooled off some
today, as falling oil prices
took the broader market lower.
The Dow Jones industrial
average lost nearly 62
points to close at 21467.
The Nasdaq fell 51, and
the S&P 500 slipped 16.
And a cultural note.
Barbie's longtime companion
doll, Ken, has a new look
-- 15 of them, in fact.
Toymaker Mattel unveiled the
revamped dolls today with a
range of body types, skin tones
and hair styles, from
cornrows to man buns.
Ken's makeover follows a similar
effort to make Barbie's image
more realistic and diverse.
It's about time.